Valiform - Form validation API
==============================
Valiform provides a unified API for modules to supply validation methods for use in Drupal forms. It extends Drupal's own form API.

Valiform makes it easy to reuse form validation code between different sites.

Usage
------------------------------
### Providing validation callbacks
To provide own validation callbacks in your modules you need to implement the *hook\_valiform\_validations()* and return an associative array that defines your callbacks.

´function valiform_valiform_validations() {
  return array(
    'email' => array(
      '#file'     => 'valiform.inc',
      '#callback' => 'valiform_validate_email',
    ),
    'url' => array(
      '#file'     => 'valiform.inc',
      '#callback' => 'valiform_validate_url',
    ),
  );
}´

The key is what you use in your forms to associate a field with a specific callback.

### Writing a validation callback
The function signature for validation callbacks are the same as the callback specified with #element\_validate in Drupal's form API. As it's first argument it takes an array defining the current element, as it second argument it takes a reference to the $form\_state array.

If the validation fails, return a (translated) string describing the error, if no error is encountered you don't need to return anything, but returning *TRUE* looks better! ;)

´function valiform_validate_email($element, &$form_state) {
  if (!is_valid_email($form_state['values]['email'])) {
    return t('The email you provided is invalid!');
  } else {
    return TRUE;
  }
}´

### Making the validation run
Defining validation rules for elements is as simple as setting *valiform_validate* as the *#element_validate* callback and setting *#validation* to an array containing the names of the validation callbacks you want to run for this element.

Notice that rules can also be weighted.

´$form['fadder']['sp'] = array(
  '#type'         => 'textfield',
  '#title'        => 'email',
  '#element_validate' => array('valiform_validate'),
  '#validation' => array(
    'email' => array('#weight' => 7),
  ),
);´

That's all!

Please report any bugs/issues that you find! =)